docs: update service graphs page (#1591)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/metrics-generator/service_graphs.md

  Distributed systems change very frequently,
  and service graphs offer a way of seeing how these systems have evolved over time.

<p align="center"><img src="../grafana-service-graphs-panel.png" alt="Service graphs example"></p>

## How they work

> The metrics-generator will process traces and generate service graphs in the form of prometheus metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metrics-generator process traces and generate service graphs in the form of prometheus metrics.
```

Service graphs work by inspecting traces and looking for spans with parent-children relationship that represent a request.
The processor uses the [OpenTelemetry semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/semantic_conventions/README.md) to detect a myriad of requests.
It currently supports the following requests:

> - a direct request between two services: the outgoing and the incoming span must have [`span.kind`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/api.md#spankind) `client` and `server` respectively.
> - a request across a messaging system: the outgoing and the incoming span must have `span.kind` `producer` and `consumer` respectively.
> - a database request: in this case the processor looks for spans containing attributes `span.kind`=`client` as well as `db.name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A direct request between two services where the outgoing and the incoming span must have [`span.kind`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/api.md#spankind) `client` and `server` respectively.
- A request across a messaging system where the outgoing and the incoming span must have `span.kind` `producer` and `consumer` respectively.
- A database request; in this case the processor looks for spans containing attributes `span.kind`=`client` as well as `db.name`.
```

Every span that can be paired up to form a request is kept in an in-memory store, until its corresponding pair span is received or the maximum waiting time has passed.
When either of these conditions are reached, the request is recorded and removed from the local store.

> Each emitted metrics serie will have the `client` and `server` label corresponding with the service doing the request and the service receiving the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each emitted metrics series have the `client` and `server` label corresponding with the service doing the request and the service receiving the request.
```

|---------------------------------------------|-----------|---------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| traces_service_graph_request_total          | Counter   | client, server, connection_type | Total count of requests between two nodes                    |
| traces_service_graph_request_failed_total   | Counter   | client, server, connection_type | Total count of failed requests between two nodes             |
| traces_service_graph_request_server_seconds | Histogram | client, server, connection_type | Time for a request between two nodes as seen from the server |
| traces_service_graph_request_client_seconds | Histogram | client, server, connection_type | Time for a request between two nodes as seen from the client |
| traces_service_graph_unpaired_spans_total   | Counter   | client, server, connection_type | Total count of unpaired spans                                |
| traces_service_graph_dropped_spans_total    | Counter   | client, server, connection_type | Total count of dropped spans                                 |

Duration is measured both from the client and the server sides.

> Possible values for `connection_type`: unset, `messaging_system` or `database`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Possible values for `connection_type`: unset, `messaging_system`, or `database`.
```

Additional labels can be included using the `dimensions` configuration option.

Since the service graph processor has to process both sides of an edge,
it needs to process all spans of a trace to function properly.

> If spans of a trace are spread out over multiple instances it will not be possible to pair up spans reliably.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If spans of a trace are spread out over multiple instances, it is not be possible to pair up spans reliably.
```

  Distributed systems change very frequently,
  and service graphs offer a way of seeing how these systems have evolved over time.

<p align="center"><img src="../grafana-service-graphs-panel.png" alt="Service graphs example"></p>

## How they work

The metrics-generator will process traces and generate service graphs in the form of prometheus metrics.

Service graphs work by inspecting traces and looking for spans with parent-children relationship that represent a request.

> The processor uses the [OpenTelemetry semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/semantic_conventions/README.md) to detect a myriad of requests.

Reviewer 2: > to detect a myriad of requests

do you mean to _inspect_ a myriad of requests?

Author: I used detect here because the processor focuses on discovering the requests and counting them. It doesn't really inspect them besides adding attributes to the metrics.

It currently supports the following requests:
- a direct request between two services: the outgoing and the incoming span must have [`span.kind`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/api.md#spankind) `client` and `server` respectively.
- a request across a messaging system: the outgoing and the incoming span must have `span.kind` `producer` and `consumer` respectively.

> - a database request: in this case the processor looks for a single span with `span.kind` equal to `client` containing the attribute `db.name`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a database request: in this case the processor looks for spans containing attributes `span.kind`=`client` as well as `db.name`.
```

Every span that can be paired up to form a request is kept in an in-memory store, until its corresponding pair span is received or the maximum waiting time has passed.
When either of these conditions are reached, the request is recorded and removed from the local store.

Each emitted metrics serie will have the `client` and `server` label corresponding with the service doing the request and the service receiving the request.

```

>   tempo_service_graph_request_total{client="app", server="db", connection_type="database"} 20

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth adding some details about what the different `connection_type` label values could be?

Author: Yeah agree, I can add something under the metrics table I think.
